feat!(stackable-certs): Support adding SAN entries (#1057)
stackabletech/operator-rs: crates/stackable-certs/CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Added

- BREAKING: `CertificateAuthority::generate_leaf_certificate` (and `generate_rsa_leaf_certificate` and `generate_ecdsa_leaf_certificate`)
  now take an additional parameter `subject_alterative_dns_names`. The passed SANs are added to the generated certificate,

>   this is needed for basically all modern TLS certificate validations when used with HTTPS.

Author: You are right, thanks for the suggestion!

## [Unreleased]

### Added

> - BREAKING: `CertificateAuthority::generate_leaf_certificate` (and `generate_rsa_leaf_certificate` and `generate_ecdsa_leaf_certificate`)
>   now take an additional parameter `subject_alterative_dns_names`. The passed SANs are added to the generated certificate,
>   this is needed when the HTTPS server is accessible on multiple DNS names and/or IPs.
>   Pass an empty list (`[]`) to keep the existing behavior ([#1057]).

Reviewer: note: This is a change, not an addition. As such, this should live in the "Changed" section.

suggestion: Slight reword.

```suggestion
- BREAKING: The functions `generate_leaf_certificate`, `generate_rsa_leaf_certificate` and
  `generate_ecdsa_leaf_certificate` of `CertificateAuthority` accept an additional parameter
  `subject_alterative_dns_names` ([#1057]).
  - The passed SANs are added to the generated certificate, this is needed when the HTTPS server is
    accessible on multiple DNS names and/or IPs.
  - Pass an empty list (`[]`) to keep the existing behavior.
```

- BREAKING: Constants have been renamed/retyped ([#1057]):
  - `DEFAULT_CA_VALIDITY_SECONDS` has been renamed to `DEFAULT_CA_VALIDITY` and now is of type `stackable_operator::time::Duration`.

>   - `ROOT_CA_SUBJECT` has been renamed to `SDP_ROOT_CA_SUBJECT`.

Reviewer: note: This also a change and should be moved.

Author: 49faa95

> - Added the function `CertificateAuthority::ca_cert` to easily get the CA `Certificate` ([#1057]).

Reviewer: suggestion: Slight reword.

```suggestion
- Add the function `CertificateAuthority::ca_cert` to easily get the CA `Certificate` ([#1057]).
```

## [0.3.1] - 2024-07-10

### Changed

- Bump rust-toolchain to 1.79.0 ([#822]).

[#822]: https://github.com/stackabletech/operator-rs/pull/822

> [#1057]: https://github.com/stackabletech/operator-rs/pull/1057

Reviewer: note: This link reference is in the wrong place.
